When I say I hate men, when I say I hate black people.
A lot of you think that I hate women.
A lot of you think that I hate old blacks.
And I don't.
And I don't.
There's distinction.
There's a distinction.
I hate the shitty men.
I hate the shitty blacks.
Hello, I'm Christina Reckless.
And thank you so much for stitching my video.
On behalf of 85,000 people who agree with me, you're welcome.
The most ironic part about your entire video
is the fact that you're trying to call me out as a woman
for having my opinion.
Right, I made the video because you're a woman.
Not because you said something retarded makes total sense.
It's also using black people as a way to do that.
I don't know what to tell you.
The black people in my comment section all agreed with me.
And no, I'm not using black people.
I'm using an analogy to prove a principle.
And the crazy part about that is that you as a cis white male.
First, don't use the slur cis.
You beg it second, I'm not genetically white.
And finally, don't assume my gender.
Or statistically more likely to oppress both of those groups,
women, and black people.
That's not how statistics work.
That's racist.
You don't go up to individuals and say,
you're predestined to do a certain thing
because of your race and ethnicity.
You dumbass.
Then any other demographic.
That's bullshit, and I'll back it up.
In the world.
For the record, it is white cultures
and Western societies that end its slavery across the globe.
The thing is, women's distrust of unfamiliar men
is generally rooted in perceived safety concerns
based on statistical evidence and documented risks.
Excellent point.
Now, let's take a look at those statistics
and compare the black people.
Approximately 0.1% to 2% of the US male population
are arrested annually for violent crime.
And only about 27 to 28% end up in convictions.
Black men and white men share basically 50-50 on that statistic.
But when you look at the total United States male population,
56 to 59 are white and 13% are black.
And they commit 50% of the violent crime.
So that 13% is responsible for 50% of crime.
So if it's OK to hate men because of 0.1% or 2% chance
that they might commit a crime,
then why the fuck is it not OK to hate black people
because they commit 50% of the crime?
However, racism is the assignment of negative traits
or unequal treatment based solely on their skin color.
And misandry is the hatred of men just for being men.
Do you see how these two aren't the same?
Don't you see how you're making the case
that it's OK to hate all black people because of 13%?
See how those two things aren't the same?
Right, because your example is way worse.
On one side, you have people who hate a group of individuals
who are innocent because of 13%,
and then we have you who hate a group of people for 0%.
Because I looked over your page and all you do
is spread bigoted speech.
Bigoted speech, my last few videos
included saving a veteran's dog, praising the Japanese
for cleaning up after themselves at FIFA.
Finally, raising awareness about violence against women
in Islam.
Can you provide a video of where I'm actually at?
Bigots, you fuckery tart.
I do hope that you take this as a lesson.
85,000 likes.
I'm not the one being taught a lesson.
And I do think we should have a petition.
Petition, not petition.
Anyway, half of your followers in your comment section
agree with me.
That's tough.
