Let's talk about being a vessel of zero resistance
in quantum physics as a Muslim.
The 99 divine attributes serve as the fundamental
low entropy grid of our universe.
And everything was built from it, including you and me.
These attributes live with an our own quantum field
as a superposition of latent possibilities.
And remember the thing about superpositions,
it is abnormal to have only one isolated rigid sine wave.
Now, as you navigate life,
you are experiencing a multitude of external triggers,
events, and hardships.
In physics, this is not good or bad.
I want you guys to just look at it as external waves.
The moment an external wave triggers your field,
your resting wave function collapses.
And the matching internal attribute activates
to achieve perfect impedance matching.
For example, your best friend betrays you, you forgive him.
The wave flattens and the energy passes through you
with zero resistance, no trauma, sadness, lingering energy.
And you master this through Fourier synthesis.
Embodying just one divine attribute is great,
but it's isolated and rigid.
But when you layer multiple attributes simultaneously,
they don't fight, they merge.
They merge via superposition into a composite waveform.
You are no longer a single note, you are a complete cord.
When this happens, the math changes.
Unaligned energy just adds up linearly.
So like one plus one plus one equals three.
But when your attributes are perfectly synchronized
and in phase, they achieve something called
constructive coherence, meaning that your power output
multiplies exponentially.
Turning you into a high powered energy transmitter.
When you balance these attributes,
your internal frequency perfectly matches
the universe's background profile, zero impedance.
Now because there is no longer a structural difference
between your field and the universal field,
energy glides through you with 100% maximum power transfer,
never colliding with an ego obstacle
or causing a destructive bounce back.
And it all begins with your intention.
Your intention is the master programmer
in your quantum field.
A pure intention activates the divine grid,
creating a frictionless organized path ahead of you.
A corrupt intention like claiming one thing
while hiding another injects a contradiction into the system.
This causes destructive interference
for acturing your wave function
and leading your reality completely astray.
Your intention is the ultimate quantum observer.
Guard it, purify it,
and let the universe organize itself around you.
Trust in Allah and have to what could.
