You guys are gonna chew me up and spit me out for this one, but I think men have rights. I think men have feelings. I think that men deserve to be heard. I think that men are indoctrinated by the same systems of oppression that we are, and that hating men is still centering men. Hating men is dehumanizing men. Hating men is not feminism. And openly stating that you think men are below you is disrespectful. So this lady made a video, part of which you just watched, and apparently she received so much backlash from her own audience that she had to make several follow-up videos explaining and defending what she meant. And honestly, this is crazy. We live in a world where someone's saying men have rights, men have feelings, men deserve to be heard, feels the need to begin with, you guys are going to chew me up and spit me out for this one. Think about that. She was not defending some extreme political position. She was saying that men are human beings and that openly treating them as inferior is wrong. And yet she already knew that even saying this could get her attacked by people within her own community. Now, to be fair, there were also many reasonable comments underneath her video. A lot of women and some men understood exactly what she was saying and agreed with her. But there were apparently enough people misrepresenting her words and becoming angry that she felt the need to make several more videos clarifying herself. And look, I am making this video to praise her. I probably disagree with this woman on a lot of political and ideological issues, but I respect what she did here, because it takes character to challenge your own crowd. It is easy to criticize people on the other political side. You already know that your audience will applaud you. It is much more difficult to look at people who normally support you and say, uh-uh, no, you are going too far. This is not acceptable. For most of you watching, saying that men have feelings, rights, and deserve to be heard is simply common sense. It is the absolute bare minimum and many would probably consider her point that hating men is dehumanizing and should not be confused with feminism fairly reasonable as well. But remember, she is speaking to a community in which for at least some people expressing even basic sympathy towards men is apparently treated almost like ideological heresy. And that is exactly why voices like hers matter. Because people usually do not listen to someone they already consider their enemy. They would most likely not listen to me, for example. They need to hear these things from somebody they see as being on their own side. So yes, as long as there are women like this who are prepared to call out genuine hatred and dehumanization, even when it comes from their own community, I think there is still some hope.
