when i say i hate men when i say i hate black people a lot of you think that i hate all men a lot of you think that i hate all blacks and i don't and i don't there's a distinction there's a distinction i hate the shitty men i hate the shitty blacks hey hi hello i'm christina reckless and thank you so much for stitching my video the most ironic part about your entire video is the fact that you're trying to call me out as a woman for having my opinions the way i do and also using black people as a way to do that and the crazy part about that is that you as a cis white male are oh well you messed that one up because politodoxy is not white first of all and let me just say how much i don't want someone like yourself or anyone for that matter to go ahead and speak for me as a woman of color like you did in the end of the video the ironic part about it is that you're calling him out for using a certain demographic of people in the argument just like you used a certain demographic of people in yours i can say that i don't like bad men i can say it's so easy it's so easy to add that into your vocabulary i hate shitty men i hate bad men not i hate men because then you would you would then be generalizing an entire population, an entire demographic of half of the human population. Because imagine if a men, if imagine if men said this, right? Imagine if men said that they hate women because of statistically, because of what women have done. We're talking about domestic violence in lesbian couples. We're talking about, you know, diddling kids in schools, you know, young boys. We're also talking about SA that has happened and also in lesbian couples at an extreme high rate versus straight couples. We're also talking about the domestic violence in the ratio between men and women being equal. But you don't talk about that, do you? You instead talk about what a small percentage of men have done and you just ran with it by generalizing them. this is why it's important that you should not be saying i hate men it's because it makes everyone else feel bad about it like it would for us ladies if men said the same thing but you notice how men don't do that right and please as someone who is an upper middle class citizen a woman of color american also uh who is you know whose ethnicity is also mexican please i implore you to stop speaking for someone like myself. Please stop speaking for us because it looks terrible. You may seem like as though we are still consistently being oppressed when we're not. I have the same amount of rights as everyone else, especially my male and white counterparts.
