Women fighting for equality with feminism was a mistake. I mean think about it. If this was a movement that actually cared about helping women thrive, why would they fight to become more like men? Women do not have men's biology. Men don't get pregnant, men don't go through a monthly hormonal cycle, men don't have to go through physical changes from childbirth. So why would equality with men be the goal instead of building a society that actually supports women as women? I mean instead of fighting for a woman to fit into a system built around male biology, we should have been asking how do we make it easier for women to have families? How do we make motherhood more supported? How do we help women earn an income without sacrificing home life if they don't want to? How do we help women build businesses that allow women to work around their families instead of forcing families to work around their jobs? Now those are pro-woman questions. But instead, feminism pushed women towards proving they could work exactly like a man. And that's how I know feminism was a psyop by evil elites that was designed to to weaken women, not strengthen them. Targeting women was the easiest thing to do because no shade, but women are the easiest to emotionally manipulate. I mean, you literally have the leading, pretty much cult leader of feminism, Simone Debevoir, saying no woman should be authorized to stay at home to raise her children. Too many women would make that choice if given one. And now we have millions of women who are expected to show up to work the same way every single day, even though feminine biology isn't the same as male biology. If your goal was truly around women's wellbeing, why wasn't the conversation centered around women's unique needs instead of treating women as smaller versions of men? That's why I know feminism fought for the wrong thing. Not because women shouldn't have opportunities, but because equality does not mean equity. Women deserve opportunities that work with their biology, not against it. And because I actually care about women, unlike a lot of these feminists, I speak on topics to advocate for women in ways that actually honor femininity, motherhood, family, and unique strengths women bring into the world. And because I care so much and I'm not lazy in my advocacy and actually care enough to look into the deep, dark history of women empowerment movements to see if they actually empower women. And newsflash, feminism does not. I will always choose what helps women flourish over what sounds good on a protest sign.
