I would like to understand why, again, you think that men benefit from feminism more? I wouldn't really argue that men in general have benefited from feminism more than women. I would argue that a tiny minority of people who happen to be mostly men have benefited from feminism more than women. And they are capitalists and dark-tetrid men. While I'm in total agreement with feminists that women have indeed faced many historical injustices throughout history, where I tend to disagree with them is the true reason why women are much freer today. I don't think traditional feminism alone deserves the credit. I strongly believe that technology and the exchange of ideas between cultures were the primary drivers. Technologies like the washing machine, the dishwasher and reliable bath control reduced domestic burden and gave women better control, making careers and education far more accessible. And at the same time, as societies interacted, harmful practices such as female genital mutilation and child marriage increasingly came under challenge from ideas centered on individual freedom and human rights. Let me now explain to you how feminism benefits men more than it does women. Expanding paid employment of women increased labor supply, which all else equal exerts a downward pressure on wages. And capitalists, who are mostly men, benefited from a larger pool of workers, a higher labor force participation, and weakened bargaining power of the existing workforce. In other words, feminism made the rich, who are mostly men, even more richer. And secondly, sex positivity messaging, which frames casual sex as liberating for women, increases the supply of short-term mating opportunities. This disproportionately benefits men who tend to score higher in what we call sociosexuality, in other words, willingness to participate in non-committal sex. The average woman, as we know, is less oriented toward and less psychologically rewarded by casual sex. This is indicated by the fact that women report substantially lower rates of orgasm in casual sex compared to men. Men report 80 to 90 percent rates of orgasm in casual sex compared to women 30 to 40 percent.
